feat: q-n-a searchbox integration (#387)
appbaseio/Docs: content/docs/reactivesearch/react/search/searchbox.md

|  `Boolean` |   Yes   |

set whether the autosuggest functionality should be enabled or disabled. Defaults to `true`.

### enableAI

| Type | Optional |
|------|----------|
|  `Boolean` |   Yes   |

> enables the AI q-n-a screen displaying AI generated answers to the entered query. Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enables the ability to ask questions with SearchBox and display AI generated answers from within SearchBox component itself. Defaults to `false`.
```

### AIConfig

| Type | Optional |
|------|----------|
|  `Object` |   Yes   |

> Specify additional options for configruing AI responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify additional options for configuring the LLM context + prompt for AI answer.
```

|------|----------|
|  `Object` |   Yes   |

Specify additional options for configruing AI screen.

Accepts the following properties:
-   **showFeedback** `Boolean` [optional]
    Toggles displaying the feedback UI component to record AI session's feedback. Defaults to true.
    > Use in conjunction with `reactivesearchAPIConfig.recordAnalytics` set to true in ReactiveBase.
-   **loaderMessage** `String | JSX` [optional]
    Loading message to show when the AI Answer response is loading. The default value is: `Computing an answer from the top documents...`
-   **showSourceDocuments** `Boolean` [optional]
    Whether to show the documents from which the AIAnswer is generated or not. Defaults to `true`.
-   **sourceDocumentLabel** `String` [optional]
    Set the label using the string literal syntax: e.g. `${source.field}` will set the label to the field’s resolved value, you can also combine more than one field value to display the label. Defaults to `_id`.
-   **onSourceClick** `Function` [optional]
    callback to handle side-effects when a source button is clicked. Accepts a `sourceObj` param associated with the source button clicked.
-   **askButton** `Boolean` [optional]

>     When set to `true`, the AI screen would only be displayed on press of the  button. Defaults to `false`. You can also provide styles using the `ask-button` key in the `innerClass` prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When set to `true`, the AI answer action and the corresponding display of AIAnswer would be triggered when user presses the Ask button. Defaults to `false`. You can provide styles with `ask-button` key for the `innerClass` prop.
```
